Hope you are having a great day. In here, I shared some files so you can use to optimize your Windows computer for better gaming performance and overall cleaner system usage. Disclaimer, not every file is owned by me. I tried not to cut compatibility as much as possible but if you do have issues with it, make sure to create a system restore point before applying any of the settings. If that compatibility level is not good enough for you, make sure to visit section 2 for compatibility area. But be careful because, most of the settings are not revertable. That does not mean you can not take it back what it did to your pc. It means I didn't put an automatic script to do it. I did put an effort while creating here. So do not go "Hey you bxtch! This setting is not working on Windows 11 30H5". None of the settings are experimental in here. Because everybody is aiming for different things. This guide is aiming to have better system performance/control meanwhile not interrupting compatibility. I know there are hell of a lot settings that may not in here, trust me I was also messing with them long time ago and was wasting my time. Because there was not much of a difference after I applied them and went into gaming. That doesn't mean you also should not do it. It means I don't think it was worth to put them in here. When I realized that, I started to make everything minimal to achieve "1 is better than 0" perspective. Because it would also help me the way I want it without sacrificing other things that I don't to sacrifice. With that I decided to create this minimal setup guide so many of you guys can also have that extra boost on your Windows computers. I don't want to deal with these things anymore. This guide is also kind of a archive for me. But when I did that I thought "fxck it, let's put it online so other people can also have access to it" The reason I did this archive because maybe some day I need some of the files/settings as I'm currently using my and other computers around me actively. But I don't want that anymore (I mean I don't want to spend my time with computers). Because I'm also a gaming addict and that is also the reason why I started to search for things like these. With all the knowledge I have, I decided to create this guide (online archive) so meanwhile when I get to have the access to my files so can you. But as I said, I don't want to deal with computers anymore. With that, this guide would be my last work of done before I'm ending my adventure with computer games. If you know me and I did/said bad things to you (whether in game or in social platforms) I apologize for it. Sorry if anything bad happened between us. With that, I don't bore you more with my needless speech and let you download for the files you are looking for. Respectfully, do not contact with me for tweaks.
